>>SEAN STONE: How do
we discover and unlock
dormant codes in our DNA?
Let's enter the Buzzsaw.
[THEME MUSIC]
Welcome to Buzzsaw, where we
cut through the mainstream
narrative to explore the
twilight zones of reality.
I'm your host Sean Stone.
And with me today
is Kaia Ra, who
has survived multiple
near-death experiences,
and has been able to channel a
high council called the Sophia
Dragon Tribe.
Her mission is to educate
people on the Divine Feminine
and help change
the human DNA code.
Kaia, I really want to
start by asking you when you
began to channel these beings.
And according to you,
they helped, basically,
you survive when you
were a young girl.
>>KAIA RA: I started working
with the ascended masters,
and my guardian angels, and the
archangels at the age of three
consciously.
They began appearing
to me to guide me
between the realms of reality
through these experiences
safely and then to come
back to the earth plane
safely back into my body.
And also, to help me maintain
a sense of connection
to my humanity for the
first half of my life.
They were really guiding me
through some difficult times.
>>SEAN: Do you know why
you were able to see them
when most people, let's say,
may never have this experience?
What was it about you
in terms of your soul
and your past lives that
allowed this to happen?
>>RA: I've trained many
lifetimes in the oracular arts.
But I also experienced so
many near-death experiences.
I mean, NDE is the
"clinical" term for it,
but it was really
like dying completely
and being escorted into
the light multiple times
and coming back.
So I always knew the pathways
back to the source light
from dying so many times.
And they really became
my friends and my allies
to help me stay sane,
really, until it
was a different time for a
different chapter in my life.
>>SEAN: I know the book
references Mount Shasta--
"The Sofia Code" book.
Mount Shasta is
fascinating for a lot
of people who are interested
in the potential history
with Lemuria, for example--
this ancient civilization
that Mount Shasta is
supposed to be sort
of a remnant from that time.
And also, the legend has it that
it opens to the inner earth.
So what have you found to be
the power of Mount Shasta?
>>RA: Oh, Mount Shasta is one
of my most favorite places
on the planet.
It's such an incredible
sacred site, truly
a home to the ascended masters,
the archangels, the star
nations.
>>SEAN: Well-- so
tell us about-- what
is the Sophia Dragon Tribe?
And what is that?
Where do they exist?
What does this mean?
>>RA: Yeah.
So the Sophia Dragon Tribe--
I met them when I was living
on the site of Mount Shasta.
I was taken into the light
in a very unexpected moment.
In that moment, all of reality--
physical reality was gone.
I was just sitting
there with my laptop.
And out of the
source light, a voice
came and called herself Sophia.
And I was just in shock.
And I thought, the
Greek goddess of wisdom?
But I didn't see a form.
And she said no, I am the Divine
Mother Creatrix of All Life.
And so we had this very poignant
conversation about sovereignty
and humanity's divinity, and
that she had a high council
of ascended master beings.
There were exceptional teachers
on the sovereign divinity
of humanity, and how to
activate the reconciliation
and remembrance of that
sovereign divinity,
within humanity's
collective consciousness.
So I had been working with the
ascended masters and angels
individually for my whole life.
But when I met
this high council,
there were so many faces,
and they were so advanced.
And they came from really
the highest spaces and places
in the multiverse form.
And I realized that I had
come home to the council
that I was meant to work
with for the rest of my life.
>>SEAN: And why are they
called the Dragon Tribe?
I mean, do they actually
look like dragons?
>>RA: Well, that's because
of the Sophia Dragons.
So what's interesting
in the Kabbalah--
when they talk
about the seraphim,
they talk about them as
the fiery creatures of God.
They don't actually give
them an exact definition.
They just call them
these fiery creatures.
And when I was in the
light with Sophia,
there were these
incredible white dragons
that were spiraling
like DNA helixes
within the center of the light.
And their scales were singing.
They had eyes that would open
and all of these angelic wings
that would whirl in and out.
And I couldn't see where
they began or they ended.
I kept hearing the words holy,
holy, holy, over and over
again.
They were singing.
And I realized that I
was at the throne of God
or whatever-- would be parallel
to those prophetic stories
that you would read about
in the Old Testament.
But this was another
version of that.
And I asked them,
who are these beings?
And they said these
are the Sophia Dragons.
And they're responsible
for birthing
the immaculate conceptions
of the Divine Mother Creatrix
through their heart wombs.
So the cosmology of the Sophia
Code is quite extensive.
I had no idea what I was
getting myself involved
in when they presented this
opportunity for me to speak
on their behalf.
And it takes a
while to integrate,
but these are the highest
seraphim of the Holy Mother.
So they represent the highest
teachers of being able to birth
as creators, and
create as a creatrix
here in physical
reality, through
your sovereign divinity.
Because here are these
most magnificent beings
in the universe.
And they're committing
their free will
to the divine will
of the Holy Mother,
or Holy Father, whatever
you want to call God,
that one source light, to be
in service to the creation,
birthing species, or
planets, or star systems
through their heart womb matrix.
It's stunning to see how
the universe is actually
born through their perspective.
So that's where the Sophia
Dragon Tribe came from.
And also, because in the
journey of our self-mastery,
multiple cultures around
our planet, especially
in ancient times,
ascending to the mastery
of the golden
dragon was when you
were able to create
in the worlds of form,
beyond the laws
that govern form.
So you achieve full
mastery over both planes
of heaven and earth, to
live beyond all of that
and the totality
of your divinity
as an unlimited creator.
So that's a big part of
what we are walking people
through with the Sophia
Code cosmology is,
can you reconcile with
that much creative divine
power within you?
>>SEAN: And it strikes me.
If I think about the Sophia
in the gnostic tradition,
she is basically the
creator goddess as you say.
The source.
And yet, her
creation was sort of
hijacked by the blind
son, the Yaldabaoth,
or however you want to term him.
Was that part of the
lesson that they're
teaching us is that
basically we've lost
touch with this direct
connection to source?
>>RA: Definitely about the
direct connection to source.
The Sophia Code is all about
initiating and mentoring
in your direct
communion and connection
with your higher
self and your source.
As far as the gnostic
tradition, thank God
I didn't know anything about
it before Sophia showed up.
Because after this
happened, I went and looked
to the Nag Hammadi,
and I started studying
different ancient texts.
And I was like, OK, this
isn't the Sophia I just met.
I just met the One Divine
Mother of All Life.
And this is just a
creator Ayan goddess.
I'm like, this is not
a singular entity.
This is the light, and this
is the black womb of no thing.
But what I found
was fascinating was
some of that storyline that
is in gnostic scripture
about the Fall, and Sophia
descending into the world,
and her creation being corrupted
by whatever dark forces,
and all of that.
And what I found
was that whatever--
everything that was
coming through me
was a healing for
the weirdness that I
was going through with all
these ancient texts that
were confusing to people.
People were looking to reach
out to Sophia's source energy
to empower themselves,
to heal themselves,
to experience what was really
happening in the early church,
which was direct communion.
Jesus, Mary
Magdalene, Mother Mary
were teaching direct
communion with Sophia god.
So I believe that
the Sophia Code
is a return and not just
for gnostic Christianity,
but also, we represent Tibetan
Buddhism, Egyptian cosmologies.
There's multiple cosmologies
represented in the Sophia Code.
>>SEAN: Precisely.
Yeah.
And so that's why
the book was written,
basically to give the codes,
basically the keys, right?
So we can awaken within
us our divine qualities,
and we can have that
direct connection
again to the council, to
source, and the whole cosmology,
beyond just the
Sophia Dragon Tribe.
Obviously, there
are many others.
>>RA: It's a mentor.
It's a modern-day
mentorship program
to work with
ascended masters that
are going to guide you to
exactly your direct connection,
your own high councils,
your own relationship
with the ascended
masters, as well
as other beings
from other realms
that are in your
highest and best good.
>>SEAN: Why is it that
the codes are oftentimes
associated with numbers?
>>RA: Well, the Keycode
mentors go in order
of the chakra system, actually.
So every initiation
that you walk through
is building from
the root chakra up,
a foundation so that you
are actually awakening
the temple of God with it.
You are the temple
of God, but you
are awakening your
consciousness and reconciling
with that belief system, as
you walk through the Keycode
initiations all the way
to the crown chakra.
>>SEAN: And so will people--
in a sense, will they find a
whole cosmology as far as--
if this is the Sophia
Dragon Tribe speaking to us?
And let's say I'm
communing with them.
Does that mean they are
some of my ascended masters?
But then might there
not also be others
that might be more directly
connected to my soul's lineage?
>>RA: So the
ascended masters that
are represented in the
chapters of "The Sophia Code"
are individual
stand-out Keycodes
that have been selected as
a very specific blueprint
for awakening the collective
consciousness of humanity
right now.
With that said, the
Sophia Dragon Tribe
has countless
ascended masters, both
of Divine Masculine and Divine
Feminine Christ consciousness,
that speak as a unified
voice as Keycode 333.
So we get initiated by these
initial Divine Feminine Christ
mentors.
But what that's going
to open you up to
is like what you're saying--
your own additional
relationships
that you have with different
ascended masters as well.
>>SEAN: And so you
say the Keycode 333.
There's also the
777 you talk about.
I mean, personally,
I've associated with 555
all my life and the number 5.
But does each one
have a certain power?
I mean, I know 666--
people feel like that
must be the devil.
I've heard, actually, it's
more about the physical reality
that we live in, because
of carbon being a 666 code.
So what is the meaning
of each of these codes?
>>RA: So when people
start to see 333,
often it means that they
are being either directed
to mentor with the
ascended masters,
or that they already are,
and the ascended masters
are congratulating them, so
encouraging them to keep going.
Because when we're in
a pathway of mastery,
there's a lot of
soul initiations
where we can get down on
ourselves and want to give up.
So when you start
to see 333, it's
encouragement to keep going,
and that you're on your path.
777 is the Keycode
for the Sofia Dragons
in this particular cosmology.
And it's initiating humanity
into accepting and reconciling
with its own angelic light.
If we cannot accept that we
are angels in human form,
we will not have the empowerment
and the grace within us
to overcome what we're facing
right now on a global scale.
So we have to accept
that we're sovereign.
We have to accept
that we're divine.
And if we accept the
angelic light within us,
we will also reconcile why
we were originally created,
which was to be stewards
of the earth, caretakers.
>>SEAN: And so
these number codes--
they are meant to
basically activate our DNA?
Is that how it works?
>>RA: Yeah.
So this is what's
exciting about-- well,
there's a lot of exciting
things about the Sophia Code.
But when I was in seclusion,
channeling this cosmology,
they showed me what we
call the motherboard, which
is a motherboard of
crystalline chromosomes
in the subatomic
universe of each--
in our DNA.
And these crystalline
chromosomes interface with
the carbon-based DNA--
the biological DNA of your
electrons and everything
that's making up you
to look like you.
And as you consciously
do these initiations,
it's building
bridges of light that
activate your
biological DNA, to begin
to operate from your
divinity's perspective, not
your earthbound perspective.
So the Sophia Code divine
genome is always there,
whether you activate it or not.
But part of stepping into your
mastery as a sovereign creator
is to use the
power of your voice
to command that this
activation occurs within you.
So this is also what
we're initiating people
into with the Sophia
Code cosmology--
is use the power of
your "I am Presence,"
embody your higher self.
Embody your sovereign
divinity, command
that it is so and is so.
And you will remember
your true self.
And in that journey of
embodying those energies
and increasing
frequencies and levels,
you learn how to become a really
kind, loving human being that's
also a master
creator of reality.
>>SEAN: And so that's
the point of basically
going through the
meditations and the practices
within "The Sophia Code" book.
It's not as simple
as saying 111,
222, 333 and
activating that way.
>>RA: I mean, everybody
has their ways.
You will become a
very different person,
far more the person
you want to be,
the person that you came here
to be in your highest potential,
especially those initiations.
Those are ceremonies.
When you step into--
you read those
initiations out loud--
you are stepping
into ceremonial space
within the seventh plane
consciousness of Sophia's
Christ light.
It's like you are going
into a holy of holies space,
and you are claiming
that space for yourself.
And you're saying I'm this holy.
I'm going to choose to leave
this U-Haul of old beliefs
here now and drop this off.
I'm going to start picking
up the truth of my divinity,
flipping on all my switches,
and living this now,
from this space within me.
>>SEAN: And so in terms of your
initiation within the book,
to my recollection, it's
like the first initiation
is basically starting
with the root chakra.
That was the Isis.
And it goes Isis, Hathor.
>>RA: Green Tara, Mother Mary,
Mary Magdalene, Quan Yin,
White Buffalo Woman, and
then the Sophia Dragons.
Yeah.
>>SEAN: And so each one is
associated with a number,
essentially, as you move
up the chakra system.
>>RA: Yeah.
And they're not-- it's
not to say that Hathor
is exclusive to
the sacral chakra,
because her Sophia title is
She of a Thousand Voices.
So she is also activating your
throat chakra simultaneously.
But we have Mary Magdalene
coming in at that space,
too, mentoring our
generation, how
to speak the truth
of our angelic light.
So eventually, I'll
release a book on how--
it's a channeling
healing modality book
on how all these numbers
and the chakra systems
work together with mentoring
with the ascended masters.
What's so beautiful
about this transmission
is that you don't
have to understand
how it's working for it
to be totally working
on you day and night.
>>SEAN: Exactly.
Because once you
start to do the work,
and meditate, and read
through the prayers--
I would call them
prayers in a sense--
you're basically already
invoking the ascended masters
to come into the space
and to work with you.
>>RA: Very much so.
And what the promise is
in the Sophia Code-- what
they promised me-- this
is why I committed my life
to working with them.
I kind of-- chosen
to work with a lot
of other different councils.
They promised me
that anyone who works
through these
initiations-- that if they
want to be mentored by them
for the rest of their life,
those ascended masters
will stay with them
for the duration of their life.
They are committing
to you, because you
are making a commitment to
embody your higher self.
>>SEAN: Going to
that chakra system,
if we go back to the root,
you call it the Keycode
1 in the book, and that's Isis.
And so when she activates,
is there something
that people would notice, for
example, upon each activation?
>>RA: So Keycode 1 is Isis,
She of a Thousand Names.
And she's activating us at the
root level and our root chakra,
a foundational place where we're
looking at our belief systems
from patriarchal
programming, and religion,
and different aspects that
come from an old paradigm, that
may be holding us back from
the truth of reconciling
with our own divinity and
our sovereign empowerment.
So when we start out
of the gate with Isis,
it's an intense
initiation to really
let go of about 300,000 years
of patriarchal conditioning,
so that we can truly
embrace, as Isis
did in her lifetime, the
truth of our royalty,
that we're all made in the image
and likeness of Sophia god.
Therefore, we're all daughters
and sons of the Most High.
So that's a really
important place
to start to set yourself
up for this journey
that you're going on.
And it's amazing to me how
much that initiation really
impacts people when
they start out there.
And Isis is a ceremonial leader.
I mean, that's what
she was for her nation.
I mean, she just loved
the pageantry of ceremony.
So it's wonderful that she
wanted to be Keycode 1.
So Keycode 2 is Hathor,
She of a Thousand Voices.
And when she
arrives, she arrives
with her entourage
of angelic, embodied,
extended angelic beings,
the Hathor Star Nation.
And when Hathor lived on
Earth, her mystery schools
spanned about--
across at least half the planet.
She was an incredible
woman who taught
very high arts of
ascension and magic,
and opening stargate portals
and interdimensional travel,
and being highly conscious
in parallel lifetimes
simultaneously,
how to shapeshift
within your own physical DNA.
I mean, she was extraordinary.
And she represents
where we want to go
as a species, what we
want to remember that we
can do through our own bodies.
As miraculous as
it may seem, she's
here to mentor us in our
unlimited divine consciousness.
So part of her
mentorship is teaching us
about the power of
our voice to command
miracles, the power of our
voice to activate our own DNA,
and to flip on the switches
of the Sophia Code,
and begin to embody
our higher selves
through that crystalline
light consciousness,
to be able to use the
power of your voice.
Especially in the Divine
Feminine movement right
now, it's so important.
There are so many
women and men who
have been shut down
throughout the ages
for speaking up on behalf
of their direct communion
with the source.
That's what Divine Feminine
Christ consciousness is about--
our direct sovereign
connection with our source.
>>SEAN: Yeah, no intermediaries,
getting rid of those--
the churches, and the
mosques, and the places
that are basically like--
tell you this is
how you practice.
This is how you pray,
saying no, we all have--
our temple is the body, right?
And nature is a
reflection of God,
and we already
have God within us.
>>RA: Yes.
And further-- well, Hathor
teaches us in initiation.
Your body is the
Ark of the Covenant.
It's an unlimited
Merkaba field that
can do extraordinary things
through the betterment of all.
So when we meet Green
Tara, Keycode 3,
we're coming into
the solar plexus.
And that's where we're learning
how to liberate our own.
Green Tara is the saviorist
in Tibetan Buddhist cosmology.
But what she is
initiating us into
is how to be our
own savioress, how
to be our own
savior/savioress within us.
Because there's a
lot of illusions
that we have to work through
in our journey of awakening.
It can be very convincing.
So when we meet Green
Tara, she's initiating us
in how to use all of this
creative sovereign power
that Isis and Hathor is helping
us to remember that we have,
right?
But if you have this much
sovereign creative power,
divine power, the next step is
learning how to be responsible
with it, right?
We've seen what happens when
we're not responsible with it.
>>SEAN: Right.
And that leads us to Keycode 4?
>>RA: Yes.
Because once you are willing
to let go of your attachments
to suffering with
Green Tara, take up
the mantle as a
creatrix or creator,
now it's time to open
your heart and soften
to the possibilities
of that you're not here
to create alone.
You're here to create in
communion with your source.
We call the source
Sophia in this cosmology.
All names of God
are welcome here.
But the point is you've been
gifted a creative free will.
And that's all
great, but if you're
in communion with a
divine will, everything's
going to turn into magic.
Because you're simultaneously
birthing creations through you
that not only bring blessings
to you, but blessings to all.
It's like a perfect
orchestration.
So Mother Mary is
mentoring us in Keycode 4,
She of a Thousand Roses.
It's like all of
these rose petals
celebrating your
sovereign divinity.
But now, what are you
going to do with it?
How are you going to
reconcile with what
you want to do with it?
And that's when Mary Magdalene
comes in at Keycode 5.
Because if you activate your
heart, what also happens
is your throat
starts to open up.
And you start to wonder,
what am I really here to say?
What's my message?
How am I going to
be seen in this--
>>SEAN: And speaking the truth.
>>RA: --higher self embodiment?
Yeah.
So Mary Magdalene is
kind of the indigo
child of the ascended masters.
She is the darling of the
ascended master world.
I mean, she's such a role model
for women around the world
right now.
I get so many emails
about people's interests
in Mary Magdalene.
Who's the real Mary Magdalene?
The Mary Magdalene that we meet
in the Sophia Code cosmology
is dazzling.
Everyone likes to think
about her in connection
to her journey with Jesus.
But she in and of herself--
exceptional role model
of diamond light.
And so she's here to
mentor us, and how
to truly step forward,
and be seen, and be heard.
And when we allow
that to happen,
it simultaneously opens up our
multi-dimensional awareness
to all that wishes us well.
All of our guides, and angels,
and our own higher self
that wants to continue
to communicate
through our third eye--
pituitary, pineal gland to
communicate that information
through our third chakra.
And what's interesting
is that when
you start to speak
up and really be
seen in leadership through these
energies, a lot of your stuff
starts to come up
at the next level.
A lot of inner child
healing needs to happen.
A lot of reconciliation
of different parts
of your subconscious.
Different aspects
of ourselves that
are kind of stranded
across the universe
that we need to bring home,
what the ascended masters call
a zero-point calibration.
This is where Quan Yin,
She of a Thousand Waters,
comes in and helps
us soften to how much
we're mentoring, being mentored
in, and what we're being seen,
and to have compassion for
ourselves, which then allows
for all of this power
and all of this creation
to be relevant and
compassionate for others.
Because who cares if
you're hyperintelligent
and you're spouting a bunch
of metaphysical knowledge
if it's not relevant,
and helpful, and kind?
>>SEAN: And is that
the last Keycode,
or is there
something above that?
>>RA: So at the seventh
chakra, the crown chakra,
we have White Buffalo
Woman initiating us.
The crown chakra is where
we lay down the cross,
really, our attachment
to suffering,
that we can't have a direct
communion with Sophia or God.
And we are initiated by
White Buffalo Woman into how
to become a full-body miracle--
miracle makers,
really, commanders of
miracles through our direct
connection with our crown
chakra with our source.
And when you start to work
in the energy of miracles,
that's a whole other
level that we mentored
and how to ground that.
We're talking about
energy of lightning.
We're talking about the
energy of star nurseries
birthing new stars,
downloading through your crown
chakra of Divine
Feminine wisdom truths.
So all of this is a lead-up
to, I am this worthy.
I am good enough to embody
this much pure source energy.
>>SEAN: So I'm just curious,
because you've basically
channeled to these levels.
And I think people struggle
with this question,
because we live in
the physical world.
And so many people
say, well, if I'm just
focusing on the
spiritual all the time,
I'm not having anything--
I'm not doing anything
in the physical world.
I'm going to basically have
to deal with-- still, bills
and paying for foods, and
goods, and housing, rent.
What does that balance look
like when you're actually
able to manifest in the
spiritual realm, that abundance
you can live happily on earth?
>>RA: So one of the reasons
why I believe so much in this
cosmology is that it actually
helped me move from being--
living so far in
the spirit world,
to having to find that
balance that you're talking
about in a very real way.
Embodying your higher
self on a day-to-day basis
is something that happens
one step at a time.
And this is why I
believe in working
with these ascended
masters, because that's
what they're interested in.
That's why we talk about this
as a modern-day mystery school.
Because what
they're promising is
that they're going to
mentor you in those moments
when your kid is screaming
and you're driving them
to the soccer game,
or when you're
in the middle of a
fight with your partner
and you want to say
this, but what--
something that isn't going
to be kind or helpful.
But then they mentor you on
how to choose something that's
constructive, and loving,
and opens the space
for clear communication.
It's like this is how much help
we need as a moment by moment
relationship with beings
that are resonating
at such a high frequency
of Christ consciousness,
that they can lift up
your own vibration.
And so what we find
in this cosmology--
it's not about having to
remember things or figure
things out.
It's about trust,
and letting go,
and allowing, asking for
help, being humble enough
to ask for that much help,
trusting that it's there.
Because it's there whether
you want to accept it or not
and allowing that
grace to come through.
So in the middle of teaching
the 2018 curriculum-- but this
is the journey we went on in
the foundational curriculum
last year-- is
like, how are all of
these high
metaphysical teachings
applicable to our daily life?
And I know for a fact that every
single one of those masters
has made my daily living reality
really a dream come true.
>>SEAN: Because all of a sudden,
we know we are not alone.
And we really have that support
and that spiritual sustenance
and guidance at all times.
>>RA: And that they can
continually rearrange reality.
They can't do your
journey for you.
>>SEAN: No.
>>RA: But they can
continually, divinely intervene
and orchestrate miracles.
Yeah, so you can
stay on your path.
>>SEAN: That's beautiful.
Kaia, thank you so
much for joining me.
It's been a wonderful time
discussing this with you.
>>RA: Oh, thank you, Sean.
It's been an honor to be here.
>>SEAN: My pleasure.
That is all the time we have
for this week's "Buzzsaw."
I urge you to further your
understanding of the Sophia
Code and the living transmission
of the Sophia Dragon Tribe
at kaiara.com.
I'm your host Sean Stone.
And remember, you
are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]